                            INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO USE RENDERER
                                    (OWNER'S MANUEL)


             IF YOU DO NOT SEE YOUR OPERATING SYSTEM IN THESE INSTRUCTIONS

     OPERATING SYSTEM FROM THE FUTURE
That's sick bruv, your operating system didn't exist when I wrote this code. You
can probably find a better program now and shouldn't be using this one.

           YOU USE LINUX
stop tainting my code with your presence and how did you get hold of this code?, I
thought that the general public (normal people (non-linux users)) would guard this 
code from y'all crazy Linux users


                                   CHANGING THE MODEL
  To change the model rendered:
1. Find a model that you want to see rendered
2. Save model as a .obj file (the way a .obj file is saved makes this important)
3. Open modelName.obj in Text Edit or other text editing software (Right click on
   model icon and hover over the menu "Open With" and select text editing software)
4. Select all the text displayed using ⌘ + A on Mac or Ctrl + A on Windows
5. Copy selected text (two methods described below):
       a. Right click text and select copy
       b. Use keyboard shortcut ⌘ + C on Mac or Ctrl + C on Windows
6. Paste copied text in the file VerticesCoordinatesList by:
       a. Select all text already in document if needed (see step 4 for more) and right
          click text and select paste
       b. Select all text already in document if needed (see step 4 for more) and use
          ⌘ + V on Mac or Ctrl + V on Windows to paste copied text into file
7. Save the project using ⌘ + S on Mac or Ctrl + S on Windows
8. Run project by:
       a. Clicking green arrow in top-right of screen in PyCharm
       b. Using ^ + R on Mac or Shift + Alt + F10 on Windows


                                        ROTATION
  For rotation settings go to the object_3d.Object3D.movement definition and read the
comment for settings on when the model rotates and when it doesn't and an explanation
of how to select between the two.


                                          FPS
  The FPS of the renderer is set to the name of the window every frame so you know
exactly how fast (or slow) the renderer is running.
Bigger or more detailed models result in a slower FPS whereas smaller or low-poly
models are perfect and run in the 50-60 range (60 FPS is set as the cap).
FPS cap can be changed by going to main.SoftwareRender.__init__ definition and
changing the labeled value.


                                         COLOR

                              WIREFRAME
  The color of the model's wireframe can be changed by going to
object_3d.Object3D.__init__ and reading the comment for instructions on how to
change the color of the rendered object's wireframe.

                             BACKGROUND
  The color of the background of the window showing the render can be changed by
going to main.draw and reading the comment for instructions on how to change the
color of the window displaying the render.
